Acceptance Criteria:
1. Apply these changes to the academic UI only.
2. If I’ve followed a link to purchase a dissertation from Gradworks, and have not authenticated into ProQuest automatically, I should still see the requested document with the following unauthenticated characteristics.
3. For the header and footer of the page, apply the logic as used on existing unauthenticated views for a start (ie. The manual login screen):
a. The header contains the PQ logo in the upper left, which links to the academic sign in screen.
[Akansha: It will apear in all unauthenticated access. What shuld be the condition? ]


b. All other top navigation is suppressed.
c. The footer displays Contact us link (unauthenticated view) above the copyright statement with Terms and Conditions link.
4. Add to the header in the upper right, a link labeled ‘Log in to ProQuest’.  
a. Clicking this link takes the user to the manual (institutional) login screen for the academic UI.  
b. The styling to apply is the same as the links appear in this area when logged in.
c. Upon logging in via this link, the same document format will again be displayed, now showing the fully authenticated view if they are fully authenticated to view this document, with all available document format options present.  Or...
d. Alternatively to aC4c, upon logging in via this link, the same document format will again be displayed, now showing the partially authenticated view if they have an account with ProQuest, but do not have access to this product via subscription, with all available document format options present.
[Akansha: same document format. Which format? fully authenticated format / partial authenticated. Is there any difference between them ? ]

5. Suppress from the doc view the Toolbar, Side panel, Tags section, Any/all ‘Back to’ link(s).
[Akansha: Back to top is in display in wireframe. But, AC says it has to be supressed]
6. The format displayed is Citation/Abstract (like the partially authenticated view) by default.
7. The standard document citation details display at the top with the following changes:
a. the author name will not be an active link .
b. Any author resolver icon link, when available for that author, will be suppressed.
8. Apply the following changes under ‘Other formats:’
a. Display Order a copy link in this area.
b. Do not display any other formats, [unless the dissertation is Open Access, in which case all formats available for free will be provided.]
[Kallol: is the second half of the sentence bracketted out? ] 

c. Any messaging associated with that dissertation (as defined in stories: MSTAR-7296; 7380; 7379; 7297) will be displayed.
9. Suppress from Indexing (details) the Cite this icon link and Lateral search links are not active.
[Kallol: Document url link should be supressed as per wireframe. But, AC mentions only lateral search links.] 
10. Retest #MSTAR-7199: Authentication: Partial Access - Dissertations Document View.  (QA only)
Beside that we need to understand that we will remove all the a/c specific components used in mirror page.
